hello everyone from having here today we
are going to show you the news we can't
you see has handheld stresses in Volvo
GoPro cameras first I'm going to unbox
then I would give you some close-up
shots and show opener capabilities of
that you see us as you can see the
package is actually quite nice open a
box the first thing you see is the user
instruction
there are basically three little steps
for running it
to get out you'll see the main unit the
button base a USB cable for firmware
upgrades and the detection ring take our
main unit the Apple aluminum structure
is pose attractive and durable
the wires are heated no tangles was
around
after you can remove that you asking bow
you can unscrew the bottom base and
insert the batteries he uses four pieces
of chief O'Hara batteries which means
you can easily find everywhere in a
convenience store or you can either use
rechargeable batteries the handle is
made of plastic the Konami ship and the
nice touch
you know from is a blue indicator light
that looks amazing
a joystick at the sound position for
easy control usually angle and it's
reaching Moses you want the last step is
to install the camera is a bit tricky
for the first hire install it because
you may find difficult figuring out how
to put a couple of and tighten it but
after you see it or view ties is
actually quite easy to install a GoPro
using just one spoon and it protects
your GoPro way out in the deep spaces
behind for checking a live view for a
GoPro for monitor
Nass hold up choice tonight I'm using a
switching brands place and Hana joystick
for two seconds when a moment will gain
both reinitialize and balance itself
Nasri mode in which you can operate your
thirsty ass I will going to these in
just a moment
the default is the bottle mode means the
camera where always follow heads your
hand movements your hand goes up it goes
up sent to the left or to the right
press the button the knee will enter
promote means the penances will follow
where you wanna headed to but a tear in
the raw acid kills stabilizes steady the
third mode is luck mode which lacks also
abscess and provides 360-degree
horizontal pan it's a unique function
compared to others you can check the
aperture Italy while walking or running
compared to other existing models in the
market the Swift enters the house is
answered a very money with multiple
shooting modes and 360 degree horizontal
pan one thing we always love about a
sweet case that it tends to produce
innovative products and continuously
updated 2 years if you are interested in
checking all of our energies and other
video reviews they tilt and Brian Harvey
YouTube channel will keep doing more
video reviews for you guys
thank you